in the year that King Uzziah died I saw
in the year that King Uzziah died I saw the Lord sitting on a throne high and
the Lord sitting on a throne high and
the Lord sitting on a throne high and lifted up and the Train of his robe
lifted up and the Train of his robe
lifted up and the Train of his robe filled the temple above it stood
filled the temple above it stood
filled the temple above it stood Seraphim each one had six wings with two
Seraphim each one had six wings with two
Seraphim each one had six wings with two he covered his face with two he covered
he covered his face with two he covered
he covered his face with two he covered his feet and with two he flew and one
his feet and with two he flew and one
his feet and with two he flew and one cried to another and said holy holy holy
cried to another and said holy holy holy
cried to another and said holy holy holy is the Lord of hosts the whole earth is
is the Lord of hosts the whole earth is
is the Lord of hosts the whole earth is full of his glory and the posts of the
full of his glory and the posts of the
full of his glory and the posts of the door were shaken by the voice of him who
door were shaken by the voice of him who
door were shaken by the voice of him who cried out and the house was filled with
cried out and the house was filled with
cried out and the house was filled with smoke so I said woe is me for I am
smoke so I said woe is me for I am
smoke so I said woe is me for I am undone because I am a man of unclean
undone because I am a man of unclean
undone because I am a man of unclean lips and I dwell in the midst of a
lips and I dwell in the midst of a
lips and I dwell in the midst of a people of unclean lips for my eyes have
people of unclean lips for my eyes have
people of unclean lips for my eyes have seen the king the Lord of hosts then one
seen the king the Lord of hosts then one
seen the king the Lord of hosts then one of the Seraphim flew to me having in his
of the Seraphim flew to me having in his
of the Seraphim flew to me having in his hand a live coal which he had taken with
hand a live coal which he had taken with
hand a live coal which he had taken with the tongs from the altar and he touched
the tongs from the altar and he touched
the tongs from the altar and he touched my mouth with it
my mouth with it
my mouth with it behold this has touched your lips your
behold this has touched your lips your
behold this has touched your lips your iniquity is taken away and your sin
iniquity is taken away and your sin
iniquity is taken away and your sin purged also I heard the voice of the
purged also I heard the voice of the
purged also I heard the voice of the Lord saying who
Lord saying who
Lord saying who shall I send and who will go for us
shall I send and who will go for us
shall I send and who will go for us Here I am send me go and tell this
Here I am send me go and tell this
Here I am send me go and tell this people keep on hearing but do not
people keep on hearing but do not
people keep on hearing but do not understand keep on seeing but do not
understand keep on seeing but do not
understand keep on seeing but do not perceive make the heart of this people
perceive make the heart of this people
perceive make the heart of this people dull and their ears heavy and shut their
dull and their ears heavy and shut their
dull and their ears heavy and shut their eyes lest they see with their eyes and
eyes lest they see with their eyes and
eyes lest they see with their eyes and hear with their ears and understand with
hear with their ears and understand with
hear with their ears and understand with their heart and return and be healed
their heart and return and be healed
their heart and return and be healed Lord how long until the cities are laid
Lord how long until the cities are laid
Lord how long until the cities are laid waste and without inhabitant the houses
waste and without inhabitant the houses
waste and without inhabitant the houses are without a man
are without a man
are without a man the land is utterly desolate the Lord
the land is utterly desolate the Lord
the land is utterly desolate the Lord has removed men far away and the
has removed men far away and the
has removed men far away and the Forsaken places are many in the midst of
Forsaken places are many in the midst of
Forsaken places are many in the midst of the land but yet a tenth will be in it
the land but yet a tenth will be in it
the land but yet a tenth will be in it and will return and be for consuming as
and will return and be for consuming as
and will return and be for consuming as a terebinth tree or as an oak whose
a terebinth tree or as an oak whose
a terebinth tree or as an oak whose stump remains when it is cut down
stump remains when it is cut down
stump remains when it is cut down so the holy seed shall be its stump